DataFrames review (#69)
JuliaDataScience/JuliaDataScience: contents/dataframes_transform.md

For a recap on broadcasting please see @sec:broadcasting.

Like said above, the `DataFrames.jl` minilanguage is always `source => transformation => target`.
So, if we want to keep the naming of the `target` column in the output, we can do:

```jl
s = """
    transform(grades_2020(), :grade_2020 => plus_one => :grade_2020)
    """
sco(s; process=without_caption_label)
```

We can also use the keyword argument `renamecols=false`:

```jl
s = """
    transform(grades_2020(), :grade_2020 => plus_one; renamecols=false)
    """
sco(s; process=without_caption_label)
```

The same transformation can also be written with `select` as follows:

```jl
s = """
    select(grades_2020(), :, :grade_2020 => plus_one => :grade_2020)
    """
sco(s; process=without_caption_label)
```

Where the `:` means "select all the columns" as described in @sec:select.
Alternatively, you can also use Julia's broadcasting and modify the column `grade_2020` by acessing it with `df.grade_2020`:

```jl
s = """
    df = grades_2020()
    df.grade_2020 = plus_one.(df.grade_2020)
    df
    """
sco(s; process=without_caption_label)
```

> But, although the last example is easier since it builds on more native Julia operations, **we strongly advise to use the functions provided by `DataFrames.jl` in most cases because they are more capable and performs accordingly with no surprises**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But, although the last example is easier since it builds on more native Julia operations, **we strongly advise to use the functions provided by `DataFrames.jl` in most cases because they are more capable and easier to work with.**
```

### Multiple Transformations {#sec:multiple_transform}

To show how to transform two columns at the same time, we use the left joined data from @sec:join:

```jl
s = """
    leftjoined = leftjoin(grades_2020(), grades_2021(); on=:name)
    """
sco(s; process=without_caption_label)
```

With this, we can add a column saying whether someone was approved by the criterion that all of his grades were above 5.5:

```jl
s = """
    pass(A, B) = [5.5 < a || 5.5 < b for (a, b) in zip(A, B)]
    transform(leftjoined, [:grade_2020, :grade_2021] => pass; renamecols=false)
    """
sco(s; process=without_caption_label)
```

```{=comment}

> I don't think you have covered vector of symbols as col selector...

Reviewer: I think you have solved this now above already, so this comment can be removed.

Author: No I still think we need to cover it in the col selectors stuff in the Select section of the chapter.

Added to #54
